add module cheatsheet + minor tweaks to using-easybuild page (#132)
easybuilders/easybuild-docs: docs/using-easybuild.md

* `--try-amend` to try tweaking a different easyconfig parameter
    * format: `--try-amend=<param>=<value>`
    * only supports string and list-of-strings value types

>     * example: `--try-amend=sources '["<source_url>"]'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * example: `--try-amend=sources='["<source_url>"]'`
```

Reviewer 2: the first ' should probably be directly after the first = to cover the whole argument to try-amend, that's usually the better way of doing that.

    Modifying the software version does **not** trickle down the entire software stack, even when combined with `--robot`,
    since a software version is tied to a particular software package.

> ## Overview of basic LMOD commands  {: #lmod_overview }

Reviewer: I don't think these commands are specific to Lmod, I'm pretty sure they are all supported by other module tools

Author: that's right, changed.

In case you are not familiar with using modules, here is a simple cheatsheet of most common module commands used in combination with Easybuild:

> *(`module avail`)* - list available modules for the current compiler/MPI 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*(`module avail`)* - list the modules that are currently available to load 
```

> *(`module load foss/2022a`)* - load a module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*(`module load foss/2022a`)* - load the module `foss/2022a`
```

*(`module list`)* - list currently loaded modules

> *(`module show foss/2022a`)* - see contents of a module (show the module functions instead of executing them)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*(`module show foss/2022a`)* - see contents of the module `foss/2022a` (shows the module functions instead of executing them)
```

> *(`module unload foss/2022a`)* - unload a module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*(`module unload foss/2022a`)* - unload the module `foss/2022a`
```

> *(`module purge`)* - unload all modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*(`module purge`)* - unload all currently loaded modules
```

Author: thanks!

> *(`module avail`)* - list the modules that are currently available to load 
> 
> *(`module load foss/2022a`)* - load the module `foss/2022a`
> 
> *(`module list`)* - list currently loaded modules
> 
> *(`module show foss/2022a`)* - see contents of the module `foss/2022a` (shows the module functions instead of executing them)
> 
> *(`module unload foss/2022a`)* - unload the module `foss/2022a`
> 
> *(`module purge`)* - unload all currently loaded modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*`module avail`* - list the modules that are currently available to load 

*`module load foss/2022a`* - load the module `foss/2022a`

*`module list`* - list currently loaded modules

*`module show foss/2022a`* - see contents of the module `foss/2022a` (shows the module functions instead of executing them)

*`module unload foss/2022a`* - unload the module `foss/2022a`

*`module purge`* - unload all currently loaded modules
```
Drop the brackets but keep the italics, I'm going to merge this rather than hassle you agin
